Assignment: Student Grading System
1. Assignment Overview
You are tasked with developing the backend logic for a Student Grading System. Unlike standard calculators, this system implements a specific academic policy where the lowest exam score is dropped to favor the student.

Your goal is to demonstrate your proficiency in:

Manipulating 1D and 2D Arrays.

Implementing Modular Programming (Helper Methods).

Handling Edge Cases (e.g., empty data, zeros).

Formatting Console Output.

2. The Grading Logic (Business Rules)
Your implementation must strictly follow these rules:

Drop Lowest Score: For any student, find the minimum grade in their exam list and exclude it from the calculation.

Calculate Average: Compute the arithmetic mean of the remaining grades.

Pass/Fail Criteria: A student is considered "Failed" if their final calculated average is strictly less than 50.0.

3. Technical Specifications (API)
You must implement the following 4 static methods within the StudentGradingSystem class. Do not modify the method signatures defined in the starter code.

Method 1: calculateAverage
Input: An Integer Array representing one student's scores.

Logic: Identify the minimum value, subtract it from the sum, and divide by (N-1).

Edge Case Handling: If the array is null or has fewer than 2 grades, return 0.0.

Returns: double (The calculated average).

Method 2: findTopStudent
Input: * String Array (Student Names)

2D Integer Array (Student Grades)

Logic: Iterate through the class data, calculate averages using Method 1, and find the maximum average.

Returns: String (Name of the student with the highest score).

Method 3: analyzeClassPerformance
Input: 2D Integer Array (All Grades)

Logic: * Calculate the Class General Average (mean of all student averages).

Count the total number of students who failed.

Returns: void (Prints the statistics to the console).

Method 4: printClassList
Input: * String Array (Student Names)

2D Integer Array (Student Grades)

Logic: Print a formatted table of students and their final averages.

Returns: void.

4. Expected Console Output
Your code will be tested against multiple scenarios. Ensure your output matches the format below exactly (including spacing and decimal precision).

Test Scenario: Large Group & Edge Cases
David: 10, 20, 10, 20 (Low scores)

Eve: 100, 90, 95, 100 (High scores)

Frank: 50, 50, 50, 50 (Borderline Pass)

Grace: 60, 70, 60, 70 (Average)

Heidi: 0, 0, 0, 0 (Zeros)

Required Output:


Plaintext

--- DETAILED CLASS LIST ---
Student: David      | Average: 16.7
Student: Eve        | Average: 98.3
Student: Frank      | Average: 50.0
Student: Grace      | Average: 66.7
Student: Heidi      | Average: 0.0

--- CLASS PERFORMANCE ANALYSIS ---
Class General Average: 46.33
Number of Failed Students: 2

--- TOP STUDENT ---
Congratulations: Eve

5. Submission Rules
File Name: Your file must be named StudentGradingSystem.java.

Plagiarism: Code similarity checks will be applied. Submit your own original work.

Good luck!